hey I'm Sylvia Perez I'm the founder of
adcon conversion.com and in this video I
want to teach you five unconventional
ways that you can use the LinkedIn ads
library to uncover more insights and
inspiration now most advertisers know
the LinkedIn ads Library exists and the
basics of it you go here you search a
competitor or a relevant brand and voila
you see their ads in this video I want
to take it deeper and go through some
unconventional approaches that you may
not be aware of so the first way that
you can use a LinkedIn ads library is to
find conversation ad copy so if you come
here and you actually search the
percentage first name just like this
this will allow you to filter and see
conversation at copy so I'm going to
click search and now I can see different
copy examples from all different brands
uh where they're using this first name
parameter it'll also actually pull in
Spotlight ads as well if they're using
it for spotlight ads uh but typically
combo ads are more common so you'll see
a lot more examples of combo ads so you
can just scroll through here and you can
get examples of all different types of
conversation at copy add it to your
swipe file and build up that inspiration
if you want to specify this for a
specific competitor let's just say uh
udemy for example I can type in udemy
here add that on top of my parameter and
now I can see udemy's specific
conversation ad copy so if you know
conversation ads is something that your
competitor is using heavily and you're
really interested in seeing how they're
structuring their messages you can do
this so now I can click into view
details and I can see exactly how how
they wrote the message and the CTA
labels as well so you can kind of get a
sense of what is the flow that they're
setting up with their conversation at
copy so that is the first unconventional
way that you can use a LinkedIn ads
Library that's quite powerful that you
may not be aware of the second way you
can use a LinkedIn ads library is to
identify localization campaign
opportunities so let's just go ahead and
use uh udemy for the sake of example and
if you're not sure what localization
means it's just advertising outside of
English so English is by far the most
competitive language so anytime you have
the opportunity to advertise outside of
it you're usually rewarded with lower
cost in terms of cpcs and cpms the
downside of localization campaigns is
you need to actually be able to speak in
that language sell in that language so
for example if I wanted to advertise in
Spanish I should be able to adverti uh
speak in Spanish sell in Spanish write
copy in Spanish uh translate my landing
pages in Spanish and the whole nine so
it could be really worthwhile if you
have the resources to support them
so let's just go and use udemy here for
an example and I want to understand is
udemy advertising outside of English are
they running localization campaigns so
I'm going to come here to countries
select all and then I'm going to
deselect the countries in which I'm
currently advertising so I am
advertising right now in the US so I'm
going to unselect the US here I'm going
to change my date range to this month
because I want to see if they're
currently advertising outside of English
and I'm going to click search and now I
can see just from the top few spots that
they are advertising outside of English
and they are running localization
campaigns so now the question becomes
what language is this and where are the
advertising if it's just not inherently
obvious so if I click on this ad I can
see here under ad Impressions where
they're actually advertising this uh
this ad so I've got here France as 96%
in terms of countries with the most
Impressions so I can put two and two
together here and say okay this ad is
speaking French and they're targeting
people who live in French France and
they're probably driving people to a
landing page in French so they're
running a localization campaign
targeting France specifically so then
now the question becomes can I sell in
French do I have somebody on my sales
team can if I'm a product-led business
can I optimize my experience so that I
can support the French language uh so
you can start to get strategic here on
if this is a a direction that you want
to head in terms of a localization
campaign now let's get a little bit more
specific maybe you identified after
reviewing your Revenue data that you're
getting a good amount of deals from
Germany and you're not even doing
anything to really localize for for the
German market and you're already getting
opportunities there so now the question
is okay should I advertise in German is
my competitor advertising in German does
it make sense for me to go through this
effort so let's just go back to the
udemy example I'm going to search udemy
and I'm going to come here to under
countries and I'm going to filter down
by the specific country that I'm
considering advertising in and I'm going
to click search and now I'm going to
scroll through and see is my competitor
running localization campaigns in this
target language so I can scroll through
here and I can see wait a second they
are so if I click on the ad I can see
98% of their impressions are going to
Germany and this ad is written in German
so this is a cool unconventional way for
you to use the library to identify these
localization campaign opportunities so
that then you can reverse engineer and
decide if it makes sense for you and
your business okay so the third
unconventional way you can use LinkedIn
ads library is to study competitive
offers so if you come back here to the
search bar uh you can actually search by
keywords and you can search by the
keyword that contains your specific
offer so let's assume you're a sales Le
business and you're trying to drive demo
requests if you're SAS so you're going
to come here you're going to type demo
and you're going to click search and now
you can see all these different ads that
appear promoting demo requests you can
even get a little bit more specific you
can filter by a specific country you can
filter down by your date range so you
can see more relevant ads in terms of
recency and then you can see all the
different ads here that have demo in the
copy so for example if I open this ad up
here I want to see why is demo uh why
are they showing up for demo and if I
clickr F demo I can see that this is why
cuz in their CTA description they have
demo in here so just know that the
library does not discriminate if they
see the word demo in the copy they're
going to pull it up so just do some due
diligence when you're scrolling through
and if there is is an ad that catches
your attention just look into it and
make sure that they actually are
promoting demo requests and uh it wasn't
just an actual like a like a faulty pool
where the the library showed it and
they're not really focusing on demo so
you can continue this process for any
offer so maybe I'm promoting free trials
I can come here and I can search trial
and you can see here I've got all kinds
of examples promoting trial uh as an
offer and you can just continue the same
process like events if I search event uh
you have to get creative sometimes in
terms of the offers that you search but
I can see here these are different ads
promoting some sort of event uh let's
just say webinar and so on and so forth
you can use this exact same process
which is quite cool okay so the fourth
unconventional way you can use the
LinkedIn ads library is to study
Creative Concepts so when you think of
an ad most people just think of the copy
of the ad and then just the visual
itself uh I recommend that you dive a
little bit deeper so the essence of the
ad is two parts it's the concept and
it's the angle and in this case we
really want to focus on what are the
Creative Concepts that are being
visualized before us so the concept is
the overall look and feel of the ad so
I'm going to go and show you an example
of one brand that does a lot of great
creative testing and uh if I scroll
through here I can see many different
Creative Concepts that are being shown
to me so for example this one first on
the left you could say the creative
concept here is a quote because they're
using this quote bubble and this is how
they're they're showcasing the ad
visually this second one here could be
uh classified as typography in terms of
the creative concept because it's
primarily text and it's very large text
you know promina their their key problem
here which is generic demo suck uh if I
keep scrolling down here I can see we've
got memes we've got before and afters
and uh a whole bunch of different other
examples so look through your
competitors's ads and understand what
are the Creative Concepts that they're
repeating often so you can take that and
then potentially test your own
variations of a similar concept again
Creative Concepts are just the overall
look and feel of the ad so classify it
in the way that makes the most sense for
you but they can be all kinds of things
before and afters product mockups uh
user generated content memes stats and
research quotes uh AI generated creative
and the list goes on and once you start
to think in this way you're going to get
so much more creative in all the
different ways that you can brainstorm
creatively to be able to Showcase your
off offers and alongside your copy okay
so the fifth and final unconventional
way you can use the LinkedIn ads library
is to tear down landing pages and review
them so let's go back to my udemy
example I'm going to search udemy here
and I want to understand all right for
udemy how are they handling the post
click experience so when somebody
actually clicks on their ad uh what does
the landing page look like so let's
actually use this one right here CU
we've been talking about localization
campaigns and we can see we have this ad
again targeting France and their cop cop
is in French so if I click on the CTA
button here it'll actually open up their
landing page and here I can actually
study the post click experience so
number one what is the first thing that
stands out to me is that the copy here
is in French which is fantastic right if
you're doing localization campaigns you
need your copy your creative and your
pages localized in the native language
that you're targeting so good job on you
to me there then I can scroll through
here and just kind of make note of what
are the things that I think they're
doing well what can be improved and and
uh what am I going to take from this so
I can make my own better unique version
so if I scroll through here I can just
look through the page and I I mean just
looking at this off top of my head I can
already see a ton of things that they
can do better uh one thing that I like
that they did well is they have this
image here of this person and the
gradient matches the theme from the ad
that I clicked so let me actually take a
step back um what was they add it was
this one here so that Purple Gradient is
similar but what they could do to make
it even better is if the creative
actually showcased this woman in the ad
then it would create a better post-click
experience uh thing that they're not
doing so well is they barely have any
content on this page uh they don't have
a section that really speaks to the
problem they they have these logos and
that's really it they can do a lot
better job uh showing social proof and
and kind of speaking to how udemy can
help them specifically these people in
the French Market uh so there's a lot of
things I think they can do better so you
can use the library and you can follow
the the same exact process to look at
the post click experience for any brand
or competitor so let's just search your
demo if I want to look at this example
of this ad and I click request demo
it'll take me to their actual page and
then now I can study it uh get
inspiration and see what is what are
they doing well what are they doing bad
and ultimately what can I do from this I
hope you found this video helpful these
five unconventional ways if you want to
dive further into this topic then I
recommend that you check out my blog
that I wrote on the ad conversion.com
site I'll link it for you in the
description box down below and if you
want to learn more about LinkedIn ads
then check out our videos here that are
relevant to LinkedIn ads that I think
you'll find very interesting and and
helpful and if you have suggestions for
future videos let me know in the
comments down below and I'll see you in
the next one